Update Hibernate and Hibernate Reactive guides for sessions, transactions, and StatelessSession (#54960)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-orm.adoc

CriteriaBuilder criteriaBuilder;
----

[[stateless-session]]
==== Using `StatelessSession`

In addition to the regular `Session` (or `EntityManager`), Quarkus supports injecting Hibernate's link:{hibernate-orm-docs-url}#stateless-sessions[`StatelessSession`].

A stateless session does not maintain a first-level cache and does not perform automatic dirty checking.

> Entity changes are not persisted implicitly at transaction commit: you must call `insert()`, `update()`, or `delete()` explicitly.

Reviewer: In traditional session, entity changes are persisted during flush, not commit. 

```suggestion
Entity changes are not persisted automatically: you must call `insert()`, `update()`, or `delete()` explicitly.
```

A stateless session does not maintain a first-level cache and does not perform automatic dirty checking.
Entity changes are not persisted implicitly at transaction commit: you must call `insert()`, `update()`, or `delete()` explicitly.
This makes stateless sessions a good fit for bulk operations or workflows where you want full control over writes.

You can inject a `StatelessSession` the same way as a regular `Session`:

[source,java]
----
@Inject
StatelessSession statelessSession;

@Inject
@PersistenceUnit("users")
StatelessSession usersStatelessSession;
----

Wrap methods that modify the database in `@Transactional`, as you would with a regular `Session`:

[source,java]
----
@ApplicationScoped
public class GiftService {

    @Inject
    StatelessSession statelessSession;

    @Transactional
    public void createGift(String giftDescription) {
        Gift gift = new Gift();
        gift.setName(giftDescription);
        statelessSession.insert(gift);
    }

    @Transactional
    public List<Gift> findAll() {
        return statelessSession
                .createSelectionQuery("from Gift", Gift.class)
                .getResultList();
    }
}
----

> It is also possible to mix a regular `Session` and a `StatelessSession` within the same transaction when needed.

Reviewer: Is it? I don't know I've never tested it. I'm not sure if I'd do that :)

Author: yeh @lucamolteni   its Work I have tested this localy

Reviewer: yes I wouldn't suggest our users to do it anyway without thorough testing and a good example on why it should be a good idea

<3> Check if a bean is active before retrieving it.
<4> Injects the only active persistence unit.

[[testing]]
=== Testing

> Using Hibernate ORM in a `@QuarkusTest` is straightforward: Dev Services provides a test database automatically when no datasource is configured.

Reviewer 2: Link to https://quarkus.io/guides/databases-dev-services probably?

Author: added

To run a test in a transaction and roll back any database changes when the test completes, annotate the test method with `io.quarkus.test.TestTransaction`.

> You can inject `org.hibernate.Session` or `jakarta.persistence.EntityManager` to interact with the database directly in your tests.

Reviewer: We're pushing towards using more and more Session instead of EntityManager see https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/55190
